{'phase': 'progress', 'planned_tasks': [{'api_name': 'update_coda_page', 'parameters': {'coda_content_format': 'markdown', 'coda_doc_id_or_name': "<query>task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]['coda_page_browser_link']</query>", 'coda_page_id_or_name': "<query>task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]['coda_page_id']</query>"}, 'task_description': "Get the content and title of the Coda page 'Updated Page Name' in Markdown format."}, {'api_name': 'get_coda_page_content', 'parameters': {'coda_content_format': 'markdown', 'coda_doc_id_or_name': "<query>task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]['coda_page_browser_link']</query>", 'coda_page_id_or_name': "<query>task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]['coda_page_id']</query>"}, 'task_description': "Get the content of the Coda page 'Updated Page Name' in Markdown format."}], 'previous_context': {'query_results': {"task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]": {'error': None, 'result': {'coda_page_id': 'canvas-Ekg0Wq1XAq', 'coda_page_name': 'Updated Page Name', 'coda_page_type': 'page', 'coda_parent_page_id': 'canvas-vkUHHibX3m', 'coda_page_browser_link': 'https://coda.io/d/_dRV9hS8Oh1Q/_sup1fVlX'}, 'success': True, 'expression': "task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]"}}, 'rationale_for_queries': "The user's request is to get the content and title of a Coda page. The reference to this page is `task[57422][2]['outputs']['generated_content'][20]`. This output is a JSON object representing the Coda page. To get the content, I need the `coda_page_id` from this object. Querying for this specific item will provide the necessary details (like `coda_page_id` and `coda_page_name`) to proceed with fetching the page's content.", 'summary_of_current_state': "The system is executing a workflow to back up Coda documents to a GitHub repository. It has successfully listed all Coda documents for the specified owner, retrieved all pages for each document, and flattened them into a single list. The current task, `task[57422][3]`, is a List Map task iterating through this flattened list of pages. For each page, it needs to get its content and then upload it to GitHub. The user's request is for the 21st item in this list, which corresponds to a specific Coda page object. To get the page content, I need the `coda_page_id` from this object."}}